Update the package reference page (#7659)
ballerina-platform/ballerina-dev-website: swan-lake/development-tutorials/source-code-dependencies/package-references.md

The `Ballerina.toml` identifies the directory as a Ballerina package. It contains all the meta information that is needed to build your package.

> The following shows an example of a simple Ballerina.toml file.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Below is an example of a simple `Ballerina.toml` file.
```

### The `export` field

> By default, only the default module of the package is public. To control this behavior, specify the modules which should be visible to the outside using the `export` field under the `[package]` table. The export field accepts a string array, which accepts the names of the modules which need to be publicly visible. The modules should be referred in the `<pacakge_name>.<module_name>` format. The default module should be referenced by the package name.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By default, only the default module of the package is public. To control this behavior, specify the modules, which should be visible to the outside using the `export` field under the `[package]` table. The export field accepts a string array, which accepts the names of the modules that need to be publicly visible. The modules should be referred to in the `<pacakge_name>.<module_name>` format. The default module should be referenced by the package name.
```

> The following example shows how to specify the modules to expose:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The below example shows how to specify the modules to expose.
```

```toml
[package]
org = "samjs"
name = "winery"
version = "0.1.0"

> export = ["winery", "winery.model"] # The defaul module and the winery.model module will be public

Reviewer: ```suggestion
export = ["winery", "winery.model"] # The default module and the `winery.model` module will be public.
```

```

### The `icon` field

The `icon` field accepts a path to an icon. The specified icon will be packaged into the `docs/` directory of the BALA.

Only the `.png` format is supported for the icon.

> The following example shows how to specify an icon for the package.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The below example shows how to specify an icon for the package.
```

```toml
[package]
org = "samjs"
name = "winery"
version = "0.1.0"
icon = "icon.png"
```

### The `include` field

You can provide paths to any additional resources, which need to be packed in the BALA file during the use of the `bal pack` command.

The `include` field accepts a string array, which contains the directory or file paths to include in the BALA. The included file paths will be packaged into the root of the BALA preserving its original structure. 

The paths should be relative to the package root directory and support the following patterns.

```toml
include = [

>     "foo", # any file/dir with name 'foo'

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    "foo", # Any file/dir named 'foo'.
```
Can we make the first letter capital in all the code comments and add a full stop at the end? And can we use this format for the rest also?

>     "/bar", # any file/dir with name 'bar' in the root dir of the package

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    "/bar", # Any file/dir named `bar` in the root dir of the package.
```

>     "baz/", # directories with name 'baz' (files are ignored)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    "baz/", # Directories named `baz` (files are ignored).
```

>     "/qux/", # any dir with name qux in the root dir

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    "/qux/", # Any dir named `qux` in the root dir.
```

>     "*.html", # any file with the extention .html

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    "*.html", # Any file with the `.HTML` extension. 
```

>     "foo*bar.*", # any file that has a name in starting with 'foo', 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    "foo*bar.*", # Any file that has a name starting with `foo`,
```

>                  # ending with 'bar', 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
                 # ending with `bar`,
```

                 # with any no of characters in the middle, 

>                  # ending with an extension after a dot.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
                 # and ending with an extension after a dot.
```

>     "plug?", # any file/dir with name `plug` followed by a single character

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    "plug?", # Any file/dir named `plug` followed by a single character
```

                # eg:- 'plugr', 'plugz'

>     "thud[ab]", # any file/dir with names 'thuda', 'thudb'

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    "thud[ab]", # Any file/dir named `thuda` or `thudb`.
```

>     "fred[q-s]", # any file/dir with names 'fredq' to 'thuds' in alphabetical order

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    "fred[q-s]", # Any file/dir named `fredq` to `thuds` in alphabetical order.
```
The use of the word `to` is not correct here.

>     "**/grault/garply", # a file/dir that has '/grault/garply' at the end of their paths

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    "**/grault/garply", # A file/dir that has '/grault/garply' at the end of their paths.
```

>     "waldo/xyzzy/**", # a file/dir that has waldo/xyzzy/' at the beginning,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    "waldo/xyzzy/**", # A file/dir that has `waldo/xyzzy/` at the beginning
```

>                       # followed by the rest of the path

Reviewer: ```suggestion
                      # followed by the rest of the path.
```

>     "babble/**/bar", # a path that has 'babble', followed by any path in the middle,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    "babble/**/bar", # A path that has `babble` followed by any path in the middle
```

>                      # ending with 'bar'

Reviewer: ```suggestion
                     # ending with `bar`.
```

>     "*.rs", # files that has the extension '.rs'

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    "*.rs", # Files that has the `.rs` extension.
```

>     "!corge.rs", # exclude file 'corge.rs' from the selected paths of patterns above 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    "!corge.rs", # Exclude the `corge.rs` file from the selected paths of the patterns above.
```

    "include-resources/thud", # direct dir path from the root is acceptable

>     "include-resources/x.js", # direct file path from the root is acceptable

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    "include-resources/x.js", # Direct file path from the root is acceptable.
```

    ]

```

> The following example shows how a custom directory can be included into the BALA:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The below example shows how a custom directory can be included in the BALA.
```
